talking of celebrity fans about
Christine Baranski our great actor
Michael Sheen do you know Michael Sheen
do you know you don't know what he seems
to know me
yes so explain the Michael Sheen
connection this is good you like do you
know this Cher
no this is good well I know nothing I
think Sarah Silverman was quoted as
saying that Michael Sheen it's hard for
me to say this but Michael Sheen refers
to his penis as the great christine
baranski
[Laughter]
[Applause]
long lasting career Oh No yeah reliable
reliable Collinson I mean you can go
anywhere it's to haunt me all the time I
really want to meet Michael stealing
what were you thinking yeah next time
you know several
[Music]